fix/es6-destructuring-reword+new-lesson (#36201)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6/use-destructuring-assignment-to-assign-variables-from-objects.english.md

// userName = 'John Doe', userAge = 34
```

> You may read it as "get the value of <code>user.name</code> and copy it into <code>userName</code>" and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may read it as "get the value of <code>user.name</code> and assign it to a new variable named <code>userName</code>" and so on.
```
